Semantic Forms Inputs is an extension to MediaWiki that provides
additional input types for the Semantic Forms extension.

The Semantic Forms extension allows users to add, edit and query data
of a Semantic MediaWiki-based wiki using forms. For every form field
the input type specifies the type of input a field will have in the
form. Semantic Forms comes with basic input types for all data
types. This extension -- Semantic Forms Inputs -- aims to collect
further, visually and/or functionally enhanced input types.

For the full description, see the Semantic Forms Inputs homepage:
http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Semantic_Forms_Inputs

This software is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL).
See the COPYING file for more information.

== Installation ==

Having at least MediaWiki 1.17, Semantic MediaWiki 1.5.4 and Semantic
Forms 2.4.2 installed is a precondition for the Semantic Forms Inputs
extension version 0.6 and above; the code will not work without it.

To install Semantic Forms Inputs, create a directory named
SemanticFormsInputs in the extensions directory of your MediaWiki
installation and copy the extension's files into it. Then add the
following line to your LocalSettings.php below the inclusion of the
Semantic Forms extension:

require_once( "$IP/extensions/SemanticFormsInputs/SemanticFormsInputs.php" );

== Credits ==

Semantic Forms Inputs was written by Stephan Gambke with contributions
from Yaron Koren, Jeroen de Dauw, Sanyam Goyal and others.

The extenion uses the jQuery and jQuery UI libraries.
See http://jquery.org/ and http://jqueryui.com/ .

Button icons are derived from the Mini Icons 2 icon set from
brandspankingnew.net. See
http://www.brandspankingnew.net/archive/2006/12/hohoho.html

Finally, internationalization was achieved through the work of the
translatewiki community. See http://translatewiki.net

== Contact ==

Bugs should preferably be reported on the Wikimedia bug tracker:
http://bugzilla.wikimedia.org/

Comments, questions and suggestions can be sent or posted to:

* the appropriate Semantic MediaWiki mailing list:
  http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/semediawiki-user

* the Semantic Forms Inputs discussion page on mediawiki.org:
  http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension_talk:Semantic_Forms_Inputs

* the author:
  http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:EmailUser/F.trott
